what's the best way to kill the vampire
killing a vampire can be easy with the
right tools like a wooden stake or how
about holy water want to learn more then
sign up for vampire camp we're a weekend
of fun excitement and education combined
to create a Saturday and Sunday of fun
excitement and education nicely doctor a
lot ninth grade you'll learn some nifty
new songs
let's kill a vampire they're not alive
anyway recites one different dialogue
small hand smoke wouldn't take a lab
test to figure out you're about as well
and down and boogie to boogie bull dance
steps and best of all you'll get to meet
some real live vampire vampire plus a
few zombies might stop by I don't give a
fuck I'm hungry
any questions I didn't think so
just listen to what these people had to
say about vampire camp I'm we're like
peanut butter and jelly like Eddie and
Angela like lingerie and Lube
so if you think vampire camp stinks
you're wrong just listen to what the
critics had to say
my great-great-great great-great-great
great-great-great great-great grandpa
that's right the critics think it's
great what vampire camp coming to
theaters near you
go your laughs till you pee you'll pee
till you cry who knows you might even
get laid to rest